Last updated: December 23, 2022

Table of contents:

Introduction 
General information about cookies and related technologies
Cookies used by Infobip
Managing cookies
Contact details
Your cookie consent information
1. Introduction

In the spirit of transparency, this Cookie Policy (“Policy”) provides detailed information about cookies and related technologies. It applies to the Infobip.com family of websites, including Infobip’s web-based interface and Infobip.org (collectively referred to as “website”). The website is operated by the company Infobip Limited with its registered office at 35-38 New Bridge Street, Fifth Floor, London EC4V 6BW, United Kingdom, and registration number 7085757 (“Infobip”, “we”, “us”, “our”, etc.).

In addition to this Policy, further general information on how we use, store, and keep your personal data secure is provided in our Privacy Notice.

From time to time, we may update this Policy due to changes in applicable legal framework, technology or our business model. If we do, we will notify you by posting the Policy on our website with a new effective date, prior to the update becoming effective.   

2. General information about cookies and related technologies

Cookies are small text files that we and associated third parties place on your device (e.g. computer or smartphone) when you visit our website and web-based interface. These files generally contain a string of alphanumeric characters, and they allow our servers to recognize your session in order to properly load the website for you and provide you with the requested service (e.g. to log in). Some cookies are necessary for the website to properly function, so they cannot be turned off. Other cookies are optional because they are not strictly necessary for the website to function, even though they might provide additional functionalities. Optional cookies can be turned off.  

Aside from the necessary versus optional distinction, cookies are also sometimes categorized based on the domain which sets them (first vs third-party ones) and on the duration for which they are stored on your device (session vs persistent).

In addition to cookies, we might also use related technologies – such as web beacons (including tracking pixels) and HTTP requests in general – on our website. These technologies allow for standard information related to website browsing such as IP address, browser type, and the pages you have visited to be transferred to us or to associated third parties.  

3. Cookies used by Infobip

Infobip uses both necessary and optional (if enabled) cookies on its website. Optional cookies generally fall into one of these three categories: functional, analytical, or advertising. The data collected by cookies is used to:

NECESSARY

Make the website work properly. Necessary cookies enable core functionalities such as security, network management, and accessibility.

OPTIONAL

Functional: Enable specific functionalities. Functional cookies allow the website to remember your preferences and settings. For example, functional cookies will remember your language choice and display the website in your preferred language.    

Analytical: Help us understand how the website is being used. This might also include analyzing how effective our campaigns are. Most of the information is in an aggregated form, but some data might be used to help us customize the website to enhance the overall experience for you.            

Advertising: Facilitate personalized and other advertising. This data might be used to make advertising relevant to you and your interests. Such ads are generally more valuable for both you and the advertisers.

A detailed and up-to-date list of all cookies utilized on the website is available below.  

4. Managing cookies

When you first visit our website, you will see our cookie consent banner that allows you to manage your cookie settings. As explained above, necessary cookies will always be active, but you can either enable or disable optional cookies. Once you make your choices, the website will remember your preferences and will respect them accordingly.

You can change your preferences or withdraw your consent at any time by accessing our cookie consent banner below.

In addition to managing cookies on the website via our cookie consent banner, you can also manage the cookies on this and other websites via the internet browser that you are using on your device. You can obtain more detailed information by navigating to the support pages of your browser provider such as Mozilla (Firefox), Apple (Safari), Microsoft (Edge), or Google (Chrome). A similar solution – on top of managing your choices directly through the cookie consent banner for this website – exists for Google Analytics. If you want to opt out of being tracked by Google Analytics on this and other websites, you can visit this page for more information.  

If you want to manage how Google personalizes ads for you across the web, you can visit My Ad Center and learn more in their Privacy and Security resource.

We use Microsoft Clarity to collect data on user behavior, including clicks, scrolls, and page navigation, to improve user experience. This data is collected anonymously and requires your consent to be activated.

5. Contact details

If you have any questions regarding this Policy, please feel free to reach out to our Privacy team at data-protection-officer@infobip.com.

6. Your cookie consent information

